- DONE [Respect is no Substitute for Love](https://moretothat.com/respect-is-no-substitute-for-love/)
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-07-09 Sat 11:06:03]
  CLOCK: [2022-07-09 Sat 11:06:06]--[2022-07-09 Sat 11:30:10] =>  00:24:04
  :END:
	- > The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
	- The problem with respect is that overvalues a select portion of one's identity, and undervalues everything else.
	- 看待别人、自视都不能过于片面；或者说 Don't stick to One String. 人是十分复杂的物种，单个角度不能概况整个人的情况；至少，不能感觉自己在某个方面做得不好，就认为自己什么都做不到。
	- Love is a deep commitment, and is meant to be difficult.
	- The Identity Pie
		- Uncover the hidden slices of the Identity Pie
		- Learn to love the uglier parts of the pie
- DONE [From Ignorance to Wisdom: A Framework for Knowledge](https://moretothat.com/framework-for-knowledge/)
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-07-10 Sun 21:23:46]--[2022-07-10 Sun 21:52:10] =>  00:28:24
  :END:
	- **Attentional Capital** A measurement used to determine the depth of how we arrive at a piece of information
		- Having a high AC means that you have obtained your information through focused and objective research, tested your findings with other individuals, and would be open to changing your position if presented with sufficient evidence to do so.
		- Having a low AC means that you reactively believe whatever comes across your news feed, refuse to dialogue with others about your beliefs, and hold onto your beliefs in a dogmatic and tribal manner.
	- Four stages to knowledge(v.)
		- Increase the quality of your awareness to find the best seeds
		- Cultivate curiosity to sprout and strengthen your roots
		- Diligently mine information and build skill sets to grow your tree
		- Produce and distribute seeds of your own to constantly iterate on what you (think you) know
- DONE [Thankfully, Life is Full of Problems](https://moretothat.com/thankfully-life-is-full-of-problems/)
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-07-10 Sun 21:13:24]--[2022-07-10 Sun 21:23:41] =>  00:10:17
  :END:
	- Rather, it’s to upgrade the quality of your existing problems so they become ones worth solving.
	- **Upgrade your heavyweight problems so they work for you, and realize that everything else isn’t a big deal.**