- **THE DESIRE TO KILL TIME IS ROOTED IN NIHILISM **
	- Our life is meaningless, so why work hard to pursuing things that will be gone for sure. Instead of any endeavor, it is much easier to kill time with the help of current high-tech; and the society is helping human to live an easier life, right?
	- And, for most circumstances, hard work will not pay off, it is impossible to break the `tier` between. You born poor, have less chance to learn things, maybe never know what the world (outside) looks like; or just live with your powerlessness, wait for the day ends come.
- [[String Theory]]
- A good book can provide a new for you to interpret the past.
- Read [The Secret To Making Good Habits Stick: Identity-Based Habits](https://durmonski.com/self-improvement/identity-based-habits/)
	- Goals will give you results but they fail to add permanency.
	- Keep in mind the person you want to be, and then all things need to be done are clear, and we only have to follow these instructions.
	- Adopting a new identity is hard not only because you’ll do more stuff. It’s hard because you’ll do _different_ stuff.
	- > “The more pride you have in a particular aspect of your identity, the more motivated you will be to maintain the habits associated with it.”  - James Clear
- Read [Atomic Habits Summary](https://durmonski.com/book-summaries/atomic-habits/)
	- It’s not about making drastic changes, it’s about making small daily improvements. Over time, these tiny adjustments lead to the person you want to become – a.k.a.[identity-based habits](https://durmonski.com/self-improvement/identity-based-habits/).
	- 7 Key Lessons
		- Small seemingly insignificant changes but done consistently
			- 细节决定成败
			- 每天0.01的持续成长会带来意想不到的成果
		- The scores take care of themselves when you have good systems
			- > “Goals are good for setting a direction, but systems are best for making progress. A handful of problems arise when you spend too much time thinking about your goals and not enough time designing your systems.”
		- Understand how habits work to adopt good behavior
			- 三天打渔，两天晒网的计划可不会带来任何成果
		- There are a couple of simple rules for behavior change
		- Become the architect of your environment
			- Set up your mind first
			- Then your surrounding
		- There is a difference between motion and action
			- 知道理想与现实的差别
			- 清楚如何才能落地实施
		- Find out the baseline level of performance and review it periodically